Php version support (#241)
buddypress/buddypress: docs/user/getting-started/php-version-support.md

# BuddyPress PHP Version Support

Keeping your WordPress installation, including BuddyPress, on a supported and current PHP version is crucial for site performance, security, and compatibility. Regularly consult the [WordPress Requirements](https://wordpress.org/about/requirements/) page.

## PHP Version Requirements

BuddyPress is compatible with PHP versions supported by WordPress. The PHP requirements may change as WordPress evolves, so BuddyPress users must stay updated.

### Current Recommendations

> - **Minimum PHP Version:** BuddyPress requires a minimum PHP version in line with WordPress's minimum requirement. As of the latest WordPress release, PHP 7.4 or higher is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Minimum PHP Version:** BuddyPress requires a minimum PHP version in line with WordPress's minimum requirement. As of the minimal WordPress version BuddyPress requires (6.1), PHP 5.6 can still be used but 7.4 or higher would be better 😅.
```
